‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎What do you think, Plagg?
‎ Ugh!
‎Why give someone something that can't
‎be eaten and doesn't have a scent?
‎If you gave me that,
‎I'd be seriously offended.
‎Maybe I should get a second opinion.
‎-What is it?
‎-It's a gift for Marinette.
‎-It's for a surprise birthday party.
‎-Marinette?
‎The girl who won the fashion contest.
‎She made the hat I wore at your show.
‎She's awesome. She loves helping--
‎I don't recall giving you permission
‎to go to her party.
‎Please, Father. Marinette deserves
‎to have all her friends there!
‎-All right, then.
‎-Thank you, Father.
‎I carry the lucky charm you gave me
‎wherever I go.
‎I think it works pretty well.
‎I thought you were
‎protecting Adrien from Marinette,
‎the one you said was a bad influence.
‎From now on, you and I are at war.
‎You will lose your friends and wind up
‎all alone, and Adrien will soon be mine.
‎We'll see about that, Lila.
‎We'll see.
‎ ‎My plan is taking
‎a little longer than expected, sir.
‎But you won't be disappointed.
‎Will you keep your promise
‎if I succeed?
‎I always honour my commitments.
‎-You work too hard, sir.
‎-Now's not the time to ease up, Nathalie.
‎I'm friends with the best
‎manga publisher in Japan.
‎I could talk to him about your project!
‎-She's such a liar!
‎-You gotta stop obsessing over her!
‎I've graded your mock exam papers.
‎Most of you did quite well.
‎Some better than others.
‎But, first, Marinette,
‎could you bring your school bag to me,
‎please? I need to check something.
‎Today, someone placed
‎an anonymous note in my mailbox,
‎claiming that you'd stolen
‎the exam answers.
‎And it looks like
‎the anonymous person was right!
‎That's not true! Someone must have
‎planted that piece of paper in my bag!
‎-But you answered everything correctly!
‎-I did?
‎Yes! But because I studied.
‎Miss Bustier, Marinette
‎always scores high on your tests.
‎This is so terribly unlike you.
‎You're usually so well-behaved!
‎Of course! You put the answers in my bag!
‎You're the anonymous informer!
‎ I'm coming to your defence
‎and you're accusing me?
‎You can't accuse someone without proof‎,
‎Marinette‎.
‎But I'm sure it's her!
‎She stole the test answers!
‎That's impossible, Marinette.
‎Lila got the worst grade in the class.
‎Th... then
‎she flunked the exam on purpose!
‎ ‎Excuse me, Miss Bustier,
‎but everyone here knows
‎it isn't like Marinette to cheat!
‎-‎ ‎He's right!
‎-‎ ‎It doesn't make sense!
‎ ‎She'd never cheat.
‎She doesn't need to.
‎Marinette, Lila,
‎please go to the principal's office
‎until we get to the bottom of this.
‎ Hm.
‎I swore I'd make your life unbearable,
‎Marinette!
‎Let's see
‎how you get out of this one.
‎I'm not falling in your trap, Lila!
‎Too late, you already have!
‎-Where are you going?
‎-You're about to find out.
‎Ready?
‎Ouch! Ow! Aaah!
‎- ‎Ouch, my leg!
‎What happened over here?
‎Marinette pushed me down the stairs!
‎In my office!
‎ ‎But, sir, it wasn't me!
‎I didn't do anything!
‎ ‎Why doesn't she like me?
‎I've tried to be her friend,
‎but she keeps calling me a liar,
‎getting the others to gang up against me
‎and now she's pushing me
‎down the stairs? Ow!
‎Those are total lies!
‎Go on, Lila.
‎She even took a necklace
‎I got from my grandmother, a fox pendant.
‎Took? As in stole?
‎That's not true! I never stole anything!
‎-My daughter is not a thief!
‎-Why should we believe any of this?
‎You're accusing her without proof!
‎Oh...
‎I have proof.
‎Open your locker, please.
‎-‎ ‎My grandma's pendant!
‎She's making up this whole thing!
‎It wasn't me!
‎-‎I didn't do anything, I swear!
‎-Oh!
‎You know Lila's lying,
‎don't you, Adrien?
‎-Mr Damocles, I don't think...
‎-Marinette Dupain-Cheng,
‎-you are expelled from this school!
‎- Oh!
‎Lila Rossi was right.
‎This was worth the wait.
‎The downfall of Marinette brings about
‎the despair of everyone who trusted her.
‎I can feel the huge waves of negative
‎emotions as they come crashing down.
‎Are you ready, Nathalie?
‎More than ever.
‎Catalyst, I'm giving you back the power
‎to transform me into Scarlet Moth!
‎From now on,
‎you are the almighty Scarlet Moth!
‎Thanks to you, I can now release
‎as many akumas as I desire!
‎Ah! Fly away, my little akumas!
‎Find Marinette and her friends,
‎and evilise them all!
‎ ‎Verity Queen!
‎Princess Justice!
‎I am Scarlet Moth.
‎Since the innocent
‎isn't to be believed any more,
‎I'm giving you both the power
‎to expose the truth!
‎As for you, my desperate, loyal ones,
‎disappointed by she
‎who you once admired so much,
‎I'm glad to have you back!
‎In return, you will bring me
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
‎-What's wrong?
‎-Nothing.
‎-Everything's fine.
‎-Dark wings fall!
‎ ‎If you'd been akumatised,
‎you'd have handed over
‎your Miraculous to Hawk Moth.
‎There would have been no more Ladybug.
‎-We can't let that happen!
‎-Neither Lila nor Hawk Moth will win!
‎I'll prove my innocence!
‎If only ‎Alya ‎could ‎help‎ me‎.
‎Alya didn't become akumatised
‎earlier today at school.
‎I'm sure it's because she trusts you.
‎Call her!
‎You're right!
‎‎So, let's recap.
‎You're accused
‎of stealing the test answers.
‎Evidence one. The answers
‎were found in your school bag.
‎You're accused of pushing Lila downstairs.
‎No one witnessed this,
‎but everyone did see Lila on the floor.
‎You're also accused of stealing Lila's
‎necklace, which was found in your locker.
‎And you have a motive. I know for a fact
‎that you've hated Lila from day one
‎because she hangs around Adrien.
‎ ‎I'm so glad I called you.
‎-Thanks for your support.
‎-You're my best friend.
‎I believe you,
‎but the evidence is stacked against you.
‎The good thing is, the greatest reporters
‎always seek the truth.
‎So, I'm going to prove your innocence!
‎Phew! Thanks, Al!
‎First off, a culprit always leaves clues.
‎Following these clues will lead us...
‎To Lila!
‎No! To the guilty party!
‎If you're quick to accuse Lila,
‎you might overlook others.
‎Oh... Right.
‎Whoever it was
‎had to have touched your locker
‎when they put the necklace in.
‎I'll check for fingerprints!
‎-Marinette, can we have a word?
‎-I'll meet you later.
‎Now, listen, honey. We love you,
‎but this has gotten very complicated.
‎Until we've found a new school,
‎we've decided you should help us here.
‎But I'm telling you, I didn't do anything!
‎If I have to spend my time here,
‎how can I prove I'm innocent?
‎It's fun here in the bakery, you'll see!
‎Once again, Mr Agreste,
‎make sure she gets lots of rest.
‎Of course. Thank you, Doctor!
‎Perhaps you can still take advantage
‎of the chaos that Lila has wreaked.
‎That plan is pointless without you.
‎You're right.
‎ ‎Then I have to...
‎There will be no more Catalyst,
‎or Mayura.
‎ ‎I warned you, using a broken
‎Miraculous ends up breaking its wearer.
‎The wounds on the Miraculous
‎are becoming your wounds.
‎I don't care, Gabriel. I want to help you.
‎Not at that cost.
‎Never at that cost again.
‎Shh!
‎Woohoo! Yay!
‎You're feeling better already!
‎-Oh, no! Spoke too soon.
‎-But then... what are we doing here?
‎-Gabriel would never allow me to do this,
‎but I'll create
‎a very powerful Sentimonster,
‎the most powerful that's ever existed.
‎No, don't do that! You should be resting!
‎Gabriel so desperately
‎wants the Miraculous
‎and I'll give it to him.
‎Boohoo! It's so romantic!
‎Duusuu, spread my feathers!
‎Go, my beautiful amok,
‎and bring my creation to life.
‎Ladybug, I am Mayura.
‎You are Cat Noir's true teammate
‎and you've one goal,
‎to get hold of the Miraculous!
‎I'm ready, Mayura.
‎Always make sure you've got your right
‎angles. There!
‎Then, you fold the pastry towards you
‎first, about two-thirds of the way...
‎Can I please answer?
‎We're not done with our flaky pastry yet.
‎‎It's Marinette! Leave a message!
‎OK, so here's the skinny
‎on my investigation so far.
‎No fingerprints, no evidence.
‎Whoever did this was very thorough.
‎I'm sorry. We'll be in touch.
‎‎I'm live from the Arc de Triomphe,
‎where Ladybug is battling
‎against ‎a new supervillain.
‎I am Mayura,
‎and I'm about to annihilate Ladybug!
‎Don't tell me.
‎We have to go and help your lady!
‎She and I are a team, Plagg!
‎We'll help Marinette, but first...
‎Plagg, claws out!
‎-Cat Noir to the rescue, milady!
‎-Pretend to be hurt!
‎ ‎Aaah!
‎Milady! No!
‎ ‎Ladybug is fighting a villain
‎at the Arc de Triomphe.
‎ ‎Isn't Cat Noir with her?
‎What's this about Ladybug and Mayura?
‎-It must be one of Hawk Moth's traps!
‎-Must get there before he gets tricked!
‎Ha, ha! Oh! I'm such a klutz!
‎Can I go change my clothes, Dad?
‎No need, sweetie. Don't worry.
‎A good baker's never afraid to get dirty!
‎You can change after you're done
‎decorating these gingerbread men.
‎-You OK?
‎-Don't worry about me. Go after Mayura!
‎Ow! Ow!
‎Cat Noir, I don't feel so good.
‎There's something wrong.
‎We're supposed to be nearly invulnerable.
‎He doesn't suspect a thing!
‎Grab his Miraculous, his ring,
‎before the real Ladybug gets here.
‎Cat Noir, don't leave me.
‎What... What's going on?
‎I've gone out of my way
‎to hide my feelings for you,
‎but I just can't do it anymore.
‎But I thought you said
‎you loved somebody else!
‎It's... It's over.
‎After all this time, I've realised...
‎You're always here for me,
‎even when I keep rejecting you.
‎Your feelings for me haven't changed
‎and mine are growing stronger every day.
‎I can't keep pretending any more.
‎Now!
‎ ‎Watch it, Cat Noir,
‎you're confusing fantasy with reality!
‎-You're not Ladybug?
‎-No, she's not me!
‎She's manipulating you. You know
‎I'm ‎already ‎in love with someone else.
‎-Listen to your heart!
‎-No, listen to your brain!
‎You're just an illusion!
‎See? I'm real enough!
‎Impossible!
‎There can't be two Ladybugs!
‎She must be a fan‎...
‎A‎kumatised by Hawk Moth!
‎Don't fall for her tricks!
‎-Milady, no!
‎-We've got a villain to fight!
‎-We'll take care of me later!
‎-That's the lady I know!
‎Ugh! I can't believe you fell for that!
‎OK! Good job, you win!
‎I am the fake Ladybug.
‎But there's no way
‎I'm letting you cataclysm my earrings!
‎What? Why does she... ?
‎You wanna bet?
‎-Over to you, Cat Noir!
‎-Cata...
‎No! Not the earrings!
‎-Hello, Mayura!
‎-Huh?
‎Mayura? But‎...
‎S‎he looked so real!
‎Things aren't always what they seem!
‎This Ladybug isn't an illusion
‎or an akumatised person.
‎-Uh-uh! She's a Sentimonster!
‎-But she's so much more elaborate.
‎So perfect! There's nothing monstrous
‎about her at all!
‎Sorry, kitty, but you should have known.
‎I'm nowhere near as perfect as her!
‎I love you just the way you are, milady!
‎Got a hint of where the amok is...
‎Look at what Mayura's holding!
‎Whatever it takes,
‎steal their Miraculous from them!
‎Senticharm!
‎-Whoa!
‎-I'll show you a real... Lucky Charm!
‎OK! You're definitely the real one!
‎Hey! Help me! I'm stuck!
‎Nathalie!
‎Nooroo! Why didn't you wake me up?
‎I couldn't bring myself to, Master.
‎You were sleeping so peacefully.
‎Mayura looks exhausted.
‎It's our chance to find out
‎who's beneath the mask!
‎Cover your ears!
‎No!
‎-What's going on?
‎-You're right.
‎There's nothing monstrous about her.
‎Whoever owns this controls her.
‎She couldn't help but follow orders.
‎Sentimonster, you're free now!
‎I won't give you orders.
‎But I ask you,
‎help us grab Mayura's Miraculous!
‎Thank you, Ladybug. I will help you!
‎Are we cool or are we cool? We could call
‎ourselves "Cat Noir and his Ladybugs"!
‎I prefer "The Bugettes and Kitty Cat"!
‎What do you think?
‎-You're in charge, Ladybug!
‎- I should have guessed!
‎ I release you,
‎from existence.
‎How could you?
‎-Getting sentimental on a sentimonster?
‎-Hawk Moth!
‎You're the real monster!
‎Oh, that you'll find out very soon!
‎We missed you, Grandpa! You don't mind me
‎calling you Grandpa, right?
‎You won't be joking around
‎when I take your Miraculous!
‎Cat Noir, cover me!
‎ Check, Ladybug!
‎-No!
‎-Cataclysm!
‎Good move, kitty! Now all I have to do is
‎grab Mayura's Miraculous and it's over.
‎Checkmate! You'd better surrender!
‎Ha, ha, ha!
‎All I need to do is wait a few minutes
‎until you and your pet
‎transform back into regular kids,
‎so fragile, so easy to break!
‎-Release him!
‎-Release her!
‎-Don't mind me!
‎-Don't listen‎ to him‎!
‎You had Mayura right where you wanted her.
‎I could've managed! Why did you do that?
‎Because we're Ladybug and Cat Noir!
‎"Ladybug" by itself
‎doesn't sound half as cool!
‎You shouldn't say things like that to me!
‎But the real Ladybug's heart
‎still belongs to someone else.
‎Ha! I should have guessed that too!
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎I guess even that
‎can't bring our bugette back.
‎Peacock's superpower
‎can be so cruel when wrongly used.
‎Even more than the butterfly's one.
‎You've disobeyed me again, Nathalie,
‎and put yourself in danger for nothing.
‎Your idea was brilliant, but you don't
‎need a Miraculous to help me.
‎There was something else you needed
‎Mayura for, to find the Guardian.
‎I'm not so sure anymore.
‎If you ever need Mayura again,
‎I'll be here for you.
‎-Thank you.
‎-Oh, Adriano, ‎come stai‎?
‎I'm good, thanks, Giuseppe.
‎-Lila?
‎-Do you know each other?
‎Oh, man, your papa's new muse
‎is incredible!
‎She's been all around the world,
‎she knows everyone
‎-and she's Italian, just like me!
‎-Hi, Adrien!
‎You're gonna give me tons of tips,
‎because I'm not as experienced as you are!
‎Would you mind
‎leaving us alone for a second?
‎Sure.
‎I warned you once already,
‎but you didn't listen.
‎You hurt Marinette and that's not OK.
‎Me? Hurting Marinette?
‎But she's the one...
‎I can't prove you lied,
‎because you're good at it.
‎So you'll have to come up
‎with another convincing lie,
‎only, this time,
‎it'll prove Marinette's innocent.
‎Why would I do that, Adrien?
‎Because we're friends, aren't we?
‎And because of this rare disease,
‎sometimes I can't control things I say.
‎I'm really sorry, Marinette.
‎Thank you for your confession, Lila.
‎It's very moving!
‎Marinette, you will of course be allowed
‎back in school tomorrow.
‎People should know things
‎aren't always what they seem.
‎So... Look, I don't know why
‎you felt the urge to start all this,
‎or why all of a sudden
‎you lied to fix this mess,
‎but I'm glad you're capable of
‎coming back to your senses, sometimes.
‎As you said, things aren't always
‎what they seem to be at first sight.
‎I knew my daughter
‎was innocent all along!
‎Oh! Aren't those your classmates?
‎This week, we'll visit the set of
‎Gabriel Agreste's latest photoshoot
‎for an exclusive interview
‎with his new muse, Miss Lila!
‎Oh! I'm glad her disease doesn't stop her
‎from following her dreams!